- Previously on power...
- When we met. who'd you think
I was gonna be?
- The biggest goddamn
drug dealer in new york city.
- I don't know
any old. wrinkled drug dealers.
They're either dead or inside.
- Since when do you lie to me?
Since when do you hide shit?
- Ghost took back his loyalty.
So now it's time
for you to do the same.
- I want to change my life
for you.
- I don't want
to break up your marriage.
- You like
having me around. huh?
- I do.
- I want your offer.
- $6 million to own it outright.
- Truth is not for sale.
- The moment I detect
disloyalty. I cut it out.
- You was right about rolla.
I'm sorry it turned out
like this. g.
- It was kanan. right?
You were still tight
after all these years.
I am your friend.
- Rolla's dead.
You owe me money.
- And you owe me bodies.
You make sure my son ain't dead
when you do it neither.
I want ghost dead
before I get out.
- ♪ they say this is
a big. rich town ♪
♪ I just come
from the poorest part ♪
♪ bright lights. city life
♪ I gotta make it.
this is where it goes down ♪
♪ I just happen
to come up hard ♪
♪ legal or illegal. baby.
I gotta make it ♪
- ♪ I never took a straight path
nowhere ♪
♪ life's full of twists
and turns. bumps and bruises ♪
♪ I live. I learn
♪ I'm from that city full
of yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪
♪ it's hard to get a start
in these parts without paper ♪
♪ homey. I grew up in hell.
a block away from heaven ♪
♪ that corner every 15 minutes.
they moving seven ♪
♪ pure snow. bag it.
then watch it go ♪
♪ occupational options.
get some blow or some hos ♪
♪ shoot the ball or the strap.
learn to rap or to jack ♪
♪ fuck it. man. in the meantime.
go head and pump a pack ♪
♪ this my regal. royal flow.
my james bond bounce ♪
♪ that 007.
that's 62 on my count ♪
♪ I'm an undercover liar.
I lie under the covers ♪
♪ look a bitch in the eyes
and tell her. baby. I love ya ♪
♪ you're my inspiration.
you're my motivation ♪
♪ you're the reason that
I'm moving with no hesitation ♪
- ♪ they say this is
a big. rich town ♪
♪ yeah. I just come
from the poorest part ♪
♪ bright lights. city life
♪ I gotta make it.
this is where it goes down ♪
- ♪ oh. yeah
- ♪ yeah
♪ I just happen
to come up hard ♪
♪ legal or illegal. baby.
I gotta make it ♪
♪
- I'm your friend.
- [panting]
- I guess we should get to it.
I am your friend.
They say we supposed to get
ten inches.
[boat whistle blows]
- I'm your friend.
- [laughs]
[both panting]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- [sighing]
[laughing]
- [laughs]
- [sighs]
- Glass was empty.
The coroner found whiskey
in rolla's stomach.
- So whoever killed him
gave him a last drink.
That's classy.
So I hear you turned down
the new border task force
In detroit.
Guess you'll be sticking around?
- Rolla's murder has a new lead.
- Sure. but we have no money
to follow it.
With lobos being prosecuted
in california.
They've shut us down.
Now rolla's death is officially
an nypd case.
Just like anibal.
Might be the same hitter.
- I don't think so.
He had a drink.
At the kill shot. he fell
right out of his chair
On to the floor.
No defensive wounds.
no sign of struggle.
- You think
it was someone he knew?
- And he didn't see it coming.
He trusted the person.
- You think
it was the distributor?
You think it was ghost.
You could be right.
But it doesn't matter.
Cali will have lobos indicted
by the end of the week.
It's time to let it go. cowgirl.
We'll get the next one.
- I'm gonna get some water.
- [grunts]
no!
Bed gets cold when you leave.
- [laughs]
- it always does.
- I like it
when you're like this.
You kind of scared me
the other night.
- [sighs]
Ghost did that thing we talked
about. so I'm all good now.
- Who's ghost?
- [snorts]
James.
Ghost is a...
Nickname. like...
Just between me and him.
- Why "ghost"?
- [chuckles]
We knew this guy "breeze"
when we were kids.
He came up with ghost.
He said the kid
had the ability to disappear.
Never saw him coming.
you never saw him leave.
[chuckles]
Those expensive-ass shoes
he wears now changed all that.
Clickety-fucking-clack.
- [laughs]
I heard him the other night.
He was here. right?
- I didn't know you were awake.
Holly. you shoulda
said something.
- Tommy. it's okay.
[scoffs]
you can trust me.
I told you.
Ghost has tasha in his corner.
She knows everything. right?
And she's got his back.
- Yeah.
- Maybe I can be like that.
Someone in your corner.
just for you.
[phone vibrates]
- Jamie.
- Angie. how you doing?
- I'll be better when I see you.
- Yeah. I wish you were here
with me right now.
- You know.
I'm free the night
of the sutton place party.
- Tasha's known about it
for weeks now.
I told her she could come.
- Yeah. of course.
- Look. angie baby.
I promise. all right.
I'm gonna change my life.
It's gonna be my club.
my kids. and you.
- Could I see you today?
- I've got raina's play.
She's annie.
- Be with your family.
- Angie.
- I got to go.
[car engine humming
[strouse and charnin's maybe
from annie]
♪
- ♪ maybe in a house
♪ all hidden by a hill
♪ she's sitting playing piano
♪ he's sitting paying a bill
♪ and maybe I'll forget
♪ how nice he was to me
♪ and how I was almost
his baby ♪
[humming]
♪ maybe
♪
[gentle laughter]
[cheers and applause]
- Hello.
- Thanks again.
- Hi. mrs. St. Patrick.
- Thank you so much.
- It was great.
- Mom. mom. mom!
- Congratulations.
- Hey. how are you?
- Great. I appreciate it.
- Oh. goodness.
- How was it?
- You were amazing. baby girl.
- There she is.
I'm so proud of you.
- My superstar.
Oh. daddy loves you.
You made me cry.
- [chuckles]
Hey. tell your sister
how good she did.
- You did great. raina.
- Thanks. riq.
- I have a special surprise
for you. miss.
You can invite four girls
to come home with us.
And they can sleep over.
- I can?
- Mm-hmm.
- Whoever I want?
- Yes. baby.
You can stay up.
have a good time.
Watch a movie.
Go ask their moms if it's okay.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Really. mom?
- Tariq. I already asked owen's
mom if it's okay too. all right?
- You did?
- You guys can be in your room
while the girls have the den.
- Thanks. mom!
- Yes. you're welcome.
[both laugh]
- Now you better come home.
and help me with this shit.
You don't have to go back
to the club right now.
Raina deserves her daddy
on her big day.
- Mr. And mrs. St. Patrick.
- Hi.
- Hello. hi.
- Raina was excellent today.
- She certainly
worked hard enough.
- Yes. she was.
- Thank you.
- No. thank you.
Your generous donation will
get that playground finished
In just a couple of months.
We're all very excited about it.
You both should be very proud.
[departing footfall]
- thank you.
- Generous donation?
- You see how great she was.
right?
- Wow. tasha.
- What is wrong with you?
- What is wrong with me?
I got to get back to work
to make some of that money back.
That's what's wrong with me.
- Babe.
- Raina. tell daddy good-bye.
See you. baby.
Mm. I'm so proud of you.
- [kisses]
- Babe.
- Needs more rosemary.
And it's flat.
James.
- Cynthia.
- Just checking in
on a few final details.
- Of course you are.
[departing footfall]
[glasses clinking]
- Now. that works.
My clients are gonna love this.
- I know they will.
And I'm hoping this
is just the beginning
For our working relationship.
I've told you before.
and I'll say it again.
Your business
is just the springboard
For the kind of nightlife
empire I'm trying to build.
- And I am sure you'll do it.
You seem like the kind of guy
that gets what he wants.
- I want your word that I'll get
this party again next year.
- As tempting as the idea of
spending more time with you is.
James. you know
I can't promise that.
- Sure you can.
- We're thinking
of having the party
At art basel weekend
next year.
- In miami?
- Mm.
Exactly. capitalizing
on the international crowd.
Stern's opening a club
on ocean drive.
Probably do the party there.
- Of course.
- We've done new york to death.
It gets so cold here.
I feel trapped after a while.
Miami. it'd be warm. sunny...
Fresh start.
- A fresh start.
- Cynthia sheridan signed the
final contracts for the party.
Any of the guests puke
on the banquettes again.
She'll pay
for re-upholstery herself.
Have it in print.
- That's funny.
- You okay. boss?
- Absolutely.
- Doesn't seem like it.
- Speaking of cynthia.
did she tell you
Next year's party's
gonna be in miami?
- No shit.
- One of simon stern's clubs.
That motherfucker's everywhere.
- South beach is hot.
I worked as a promoter there
a couple of winters.
- You still know people
down there?
- Yeah. I do. Why?
- Get your food while it's hot.
Come on. girls. eat up.
There's plenty for everybody.
Ladies first.
- Tariq. stop it.
- Come on.
And make sure you take
a napkin. all right?
Be careful. don't spill anything
on the couch.
["good morning. baltimore"
from hairspray playing]
- Let me get two.
- Get that pillow.
- I never did anything
like this for you.
I see you trying to do better
by these kids.
- I am.
I'm just trying to be a good...
[overlapping chatter]
[door closes]
- Where's james?
He's with another woman.
Told you that club was trouble.
Some model or something?
- I wish it was like that.
Shawn told me
her name is angela.
You were right.
You happy now?
I couldn't keep him.
- Of course I'm not happy.
I remember how this felt.
Your father would come home.
take a shower.
And get in bed next to me
like it was nothing.
Then he stopped taking
that shower.
- I talked to lakeisha about it.
I'm just gonna get a lawyer.
And I'm sure I'll get custody
of the kids.
- Lakeisha is as simple
as two plus two.
You are married
to a drug dealer. tasha.
- Ghost would never hurt me.
- There are all different kinds
of hurt. baby.
What would you do
if you had to leave tonight?
Do you have any money
of your own?
- The legit accounts
are in both our names.
I can get half of that.
- I done told you before.
You ain't got no legal claim
on his illegal money.
That's what you need to survive.
You've got to have a plan.
You got to look
before you leap. baby.
- I have something
for you. angie.
- Jamie. no more gifts.
no more lingerie.
No more shoes.
Just you.
Okay. me.
We're going to miami
for the weekend.
- What?
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna open a truth down
there like I said I would.
- I thought everything
with stern went sideways.
- It did go sideways
so I'm gonna do it on my own.
Kantos knows
some people down there.
He's gonna arrange
some meetings for me.
I'm gonna look at rental space
while I'm there.
I want your opinion.
I want you to be with me.
Think. the beach. the sun.
- Waking up together.
- A fresh start.
- What will you tell tasha
about where you're going?
- A business trip.
But I don't want you to think
about all that. all right?
Just come with me.
Just come with me to miami.
- I would love to.
- Bye.
- [whistles]
[overlapping chatter]
- [in distance]
I'll just meet you after class.
- Hi.
We have to be careful.
[laughs]
- [sniffs]
- That's so cute.
- You like it?
- Yeah.
- I saw it today
and thought of you.
Here.
[sniffing]
- I love this.
- [laughs]
[sniffs]
yeah?
- Need a car to meet us
at the airport.
We're staying
at the fontainebleau.
Uh. sure. it's st. Patrick.
Yo. man. what's up?
[grunts]
- [door closes]
[tires squeal]
- Tommy?
- Yeah?
- Gentlemen. I apologize
for the theatrics.
But your government has been
observing my every move.
So I am gonna take every
precaution necessary
To conceal my location.
Besides...
Now we all just get to relax.
- I think we'd relax
a lot better
If we weren't tied up. jefe.
- Very well.
[speaking spanish]
It seems like your plan
to solve your problem
Required the killing of
everybody in your organization.
- Took some time
to find the man responsible.
- He handled that personally.
- He was a friend of mine. jefe.
I owed him that much.
- Bravo. ghost. huh?
That is old school. man.
[speaking spanish]
Do you have a plan to rebuild?
- Sure as shit.
We're already in touch with
the new leader of the rsks.
The tainos are back in the fold.
Everybody's getting in line.
- Is that true. ghost?
- Si.
- That's good.
'cause from now on.
I need you to distribute
double the amount of product.
I was betrayed.
Mm-hmm.
My operation in california has
been irretrievably compromised.
And until that situation
is resolved.
I have product in the pipeline
that needs distribution.
- We got that.
- We're not set up. jefe.
- Oh. no. we got more
than enough contacts
To double our output.
- But we have to work out
the logistics. which takes time.
- We got--we're ready.
- [speaking spanish]
- hmm?
- Why are you so unsure?
- I just don't want to give you
my word. jefe.
Unless I can guarantee
your distribution.
[speaking spanish]
- [speaking spanish]
Saying no would be...
[speaking spanish]
- Oh. we're not saying no.
- We're just saying that we need
some time to set up a plan.
To move your weight.
Allow you the opportunity
to approve personnel.
- Fine.
I will wait to hear your plan.
Are we sure that the threat
to your--hmm...
To our business is over?
Fantasma. did you get
the right guy?
[speaking spanish]
- Yes.
- [speaking spanish]
I have to say.
I'm so relieved
That we were able
to work this out.
I would have hated to have
to kill you today.
[laughs]
- [laughs]
It's okay.
- Hmm?
[snaps fingers]
[speaking spanish]
Fantasma. I'll be expecting
your call. hmm?
- [speaking spanish]
- Hmm?
- [murmuring in distance]
[tires squeal]
- That was bananas. man!
Who would have thought
when we woke up this morning.
That crazy mother fucker'd
do us like this?
I'll take it though. for real.
I'll take it.
Twice our product. this is huge.
What the fuck was that
back there?
"I don't know. jefe.
Give us time."
He could have killed us.
[imitates an explosion]
- If we fuck it up. we're only
delaying the inevitable.
Don't matter what lobos says.
Twice the product
means twice the personnel.
Twice the exposure.
- This is the moment
we waited for.
- Twice the fucking risk. tommy.
- We always wanted to expand.
Now. we ain't got to beg for it.
Lobos needs us to move
this shit.
You always said "opportunity
is luck plus..."
- "preparation." tommy.
but we never moved weight
This big before.
We got to be prepared. man.
We got to think first.
all right?
- Can't think too long.
Lobos won't wait.
[phone vibrating]
- hold on. man.
[wailing siren in distance]
- Glad to see you finally got
your priorities in order.
This is gonna be
a good thing. ghost.
I'm gonna go see ruiz.
get it shored up.
I'll drop you off on the way.
Yo. come on.
- Yeah.
- ♪ yeah
[tires squeal]
♪ yeah
♪ say yeah
- Double the product?
- It's double everything.
- More territory. more enemies.
how are you gonna survive that?
- How are we gonna survive that.
you mean.
Because if I'm moving more.
I'm gonna be leaning on you
to do the same.
Line both
our mother fucking pockets.
- And I appreciate that. but
let's be honest.
You've been under attack
for months.
- We handled that shit.
It's over.
- But you need to protect
yourselves in order to rebuild.
Unless you're willing
to do that.
Than perhaps the soledado nation
will be better off
Finding itself another connect.
- That's fucked up. ruiz.
Nobody's getting you better shit
than us for the price.
- Tommy. I got stitches holding
my lungs together.
Because rolla's bitch
missed my heart by a dog's hair.
If I'm gonna get into
something like this with you.
I need to feel secure.
♪
♪ say yeah yeah yeah...
- You still get your guns
out of florida?
- I can get more guns.
but they need to be paid for.
- We'll pay for it.
From now on. you import guns
for the entire organization.
You'll make more money than
every other primera under us.
And your security is guaranteed.
- Sounds good. but ghost will
never agree to that.
[laying cards]
- My word's not good enough?
[door opens]
[speaking spanish]
- the train. man.
- What the fuck
you staring at. man?
- Nothing. man. Nothing.
- Relax.
[door closes]
[phone vibrates]
- Hello?
- Bruja. I need to see you.
- Nomar. now's not a good time
for bullshit. okay?
- I saw the distributor. mami.
[speaking spanish]
- [speaking spanish]
- Nah. and he wasn't in
that book you showed me.
- Okay. I need to get you with
the sketch artist right away.
- No. we got to talk first.
bruja. all right?
Witness protection.
If I I.D. This guy.
I'm a dead man.
I ain't telling you shit
unless I know I'll be safe.
- Nomar called.
He saw the distributor
last night.
Frankie. we could close
this case.
- They're shipping our files
off to l.A.
With their thanks.
- Frankie.
- Witsec?
No. I can't get you witness
protection for nomar arcielo.
Angela. it is over.
Move on.
[door closes]
- Where's the guy
who's usually outside?
- What guy?
- The guy
in the telephone truck.
- You made him?
- Yeah. weeks ago.
But he's not there now.
- Look. so we're having
a funding issue.
Government's broke.
but no one knows you're here.
You're safe.
- Fuck that.
I'm out.
Good luck finding
your fucking blanquito.
I'm leaving town.
- Nomar. I got you witsec.
- Witness protection?
- My boss approved it
this morning.
- Really?
- Yeah.
But you got to stay here
until I can get the marshals
To take you into custody.
- Nah. I got to say good-bye
to some people.
- I'll arrange a farewell with
the marshals for your family.
Until then. don't talk
to anyone. okay?
Give me 24 hours.
- [speaking spanish]
- So ruiz in?
- He wouldn't commit.
- Motherfucker.
- He wants to bring
in guns for us.
We put up the money this time.
he straps our whole crew.
But the real problem
is expansion.
I say we go to the serb and
drift. some of their friends.
We get north jersey
and staten island on lock.
- No. they got their own connect
bringing the product.
To lure them away. we got
to lower our fucking price.
No wa--
- Or we kill that mother fucker.
And make ourselves
the best option.
- So let me get this straight.
You're saying that we run
the gun deal with ruiz.
We hit a major connect.
possibly starting a war.
That's the plan?
- You got a better idea?
You got to start
trusting me. ghost.
I was right about rolla.
wasn't I?
- I'm your friend.
[gunshots]
- The moment
I detect disloyalty.
I cut it out like a cancer.
[speaking spanish]
- You're right. tommy.
You're right.
I got distracted.
And then you stepped it up.
If you hadn't been about it
all this time.
We wouldn't be
in this position to rebuild.
I shoulda listened to you.
- Damn straight. you shoulda
listened to me.
- So now I'm listening.
You want to do the gun deal
with ruiz?
- We get street soldiers.
then we expand.
We get the rsks. the tainos.
I get ruiz back in line.
the haitians. the serbs.
Maybe even the chinese.
- How fast
can we make this happen?
- You say the word.
I'll make the calls.
- You don't need me
to say the word.
I think you should take the lead
on this.
Be the authority on the streets.
- What you mean?
We always done this together.
- I ain't going anywhere.
But if we're making twice
the amount of money.
Hell. maybe I should open
a second club
To clean that money. hmm?
- Maybe you should.
- I want you to get the respect
you deserve on the streets.
Tommy. so people don't ask me
what I think.
They ask me what you think.
We're two men. and we speak
with one voice.
- Two men. one voice.
I like that.
- So after we get all the
commitments. you make the calls.
Tell 'em we're good to go.
Get that extra cash in our
pocket as fast as we can.
Tommy. one more thing.
We can't expand beyond this.
all right?
Probably the most weight
we can handle.
- We'll see.
[door opens. closes]
- [laughing]
oh.
[phone rings]
- Hello?
- Shawn.
- Dad?
- I need you to do something
for me.
- Yeah. anything.
- You can't tell
your uncle ghost. tommy. nobody.
I need to know I can trust you.
- I need to get nomar
into witsec.
He saw the distributor
the other night.
He saw ghost. but he won't
sit down with a sketch artist
Until I give him
to the marshals.
- Well. it usually
doesn't take that long.
- Frankie said no.
The task force is done.
I've got him holed up
at the safe house.
But I got to get results.
or he's gonna run.
I know you have friends
over there.
- Mm.
- You can make a call.
Maybe shoehorn him
in into another investigation.
Gang violence. gun possession.
kiddie porn.
- [chuckles]
- Anything that would support
nomar's witsec application.
- I have bent the rules
for you more times
Than I can possibly count.
Frankly. my incentive to do so
has disappeared. so...
- He saw ghost's face.
Greg.
- I'll call over there. see
if they have anything current
Where nomar's information
might apply.
If I get them to do it.
Drinks are on you.
- Deal.
- Got something to cheer you up.
- She gave them back to you.
huh?
- I got those for her.
Bought these for you.
- You must really love
that girl.
These ain't cheap.
- I want us all to be a family.
You and holly getting along.
ghost back to normal.
- Oh. he's back to normal.
- Yeah. totally back on track.
He knows what matters now.
- You think that's what
happened?
Think he...
Forgot what matters?
- I think maybe for a minute.
But he's back in his senses now.
Everything's gonna be okay.
It's gonna be
like it always was. t.
The three of us
against the world.
[chuckles]
Plus holly now.
- Sure.
Sure.
[camera shutter clicks]
[phone vibrates]
[latin pop music]
- Papi! Give it back!
- Do your homework.
then you get it back.
- I did it already.
- Show me.
♪
[phone vibrates]
- [sighs]
- Greg. call me as soon
as you hear anything.
I want nomar in custody.
I'm supposed to get
on a plane tomorrow.
And if we can't get it done.
I should cancel my trip.
Let me know.
- Hey. mamita.
- Oh. hey. paz.
I forgot to tell you.
- You going somewhere?
- Miami.
They're gonna be doing
some reassignments at work.
I'm looking at
the southern florida office.
- What? That's ridiculous.
There's got to be
something closer.
You have a lady boss. right?
Did you tell her about papi?
- I did. but...
- [gasps]
- A work trip. huh?
- Okay.
I'm going with jamie.
He wants to open up a club
in south beach.
If he does. maybe I'll see
if there's a position
At my level open
in the miami office.
I don't know.
We're going for the weekend.
But we want to make it
more permanent.
So maybe miami's how we do that.
- Maybe that's what
he's telling you.
Because he wants
to keep fucking you.
- Jamie loves me.
He told me
he's gonna make things work.
I believe him.
[speaking spanish]
- This is changing you. angela.
You just lied to my face.
- I lied. because I knew
you wouldn't support me.
Because deep down.
I think you want me to be
As alone and unhappy
as you are.
- I might be unhappy and alone.
but at least I'm not a chilla.
Can't you see he's making you
like him: A liar. a cheat?
- I told you. jamie and I
are in love.
I need you to be happy for me.
I'm not gonna stand by
and watch you ruin your life.
- Then I need you to give me
the key to my place.
Jamie needs one now. you don't.
[keys jingle]
- So now we're running drugs
and guns?
Shit. as long
as I've known ghost.
He hasn't been cool
with moving heat.
He agreed to that?
- He did. but from now on.
I ain't got to ask ghost.
He trusts me to make moves.
I run the streets.
he cleans the money.
It's all good.
- Oh. should I come back?
- No. julio was just leaving.
- Holly. julio. Julio. holly.
- Nice to meet you.
- You too.
It's all there.
- Lobos is gonna deliver
the powder. same as always.
But we got to figure out how to
get the guns up from elizabeth.
- I'll get victor and darien
ready to make the runs.
- Yeah.
[door opens. closes]
- Does he work for you?
- Yeah.
Ooh. god. you smell good.
[laughs]
- that's nice.
- Fuck.
- You owe me.
Big.
- Your friends got nomar
into the program?
- They are on their way to get
nomar now for an interview.
And a sketch artist too.
- Thank you. greg!
Thank you so much.
This could be the break
we're looking for.
- So you want to get that drink
to celebrate?
- I can't.
I'm waiting for a call
from a friend
In the southern florida office.
- What. new case?
- A prosecutor at my level
is leaving for corporate.
You know how you said
to let lobos go.
Although now that nomar's
gonna be in custody.
Maybe something
can come of it.
- Wait. what?
You're going to miami?
Your father's here.
You said you...
There is a guy.
Was all along.
Is that...
Is that where you're going
with this trip.
You're going with him?
- It's not like that. greg.
- You know.
you could have just said it.
Didn't have to lie to my face.
- It wasn't a lie at the time.
I wasn't sure about him before.
- Are you sure now?
[scoffs]
[door opens. closes]
- I got it.
Oh. I got it.
I got it. I got it.
I got it.
You look really hot
in this thing.
- That's the idea.
More ass equals more tips.
- You got guys all over you
there. every night.
- It's a good job.
I make good money.
- You're with me now.
You don't need money.
Tell kantos you quit.
- I've never had anybody
take care of me.
- [kisses]
I wouldn't be good at it.
But I could work for you maybe.
We'd be in it together.
[phone vibrating]
- Ruiz. glad you called.
That gun thing is a go.
- Fuck the guns.
We could be blood brothers
for life
If you do this for me tonight.
- I do a favor for you.
and you're in?
Good. what you need. man?
- One of my soldiers:
Name is nomar.
Been fucking my little girl.
Sent her a picture
of his goddamn dick.
- That's fucked up.
I'll call julio
and send him over.
- No. don't send
no latino after nomar.
If he suspects that I know
about him and isabel.
He'll be looking for prs--
somebody that I would send--
But he won't be looking
for a white guy.
Tomas.
- Got you.
Where can I find him?
- Going somewhere?
- Yeah. business trip.
Kantos has some contacts
in miami.
So I'm going tonight
to look at rental space
For a second club.
- Second club. in miami?
- Yeah.
- Kantos gonna move down there
and run it?
- I'll get things started there.
He'll run things here.
- Oh. 'cause he got three kids
to look after.
- Tasha. if this happens.
I'll see the kids.
I'll fly back and forth
if I have too.
- How long you been planning
to go?
- Well. it just came up today.
- I could go with you.
Big mama can watch the kids.
- It's club business. tasha.
You don't want to hear
about it. remember?
- Ever since you've opened
that club.
You've been different. ghost.
It's like I don't know
who you are.
- I've been trying
to tell you. tasha.
You ain't been listening.
When I get back from miami.
we should talk.
[elevator dings]
- What'd she say?
- She didn't say much.
I think she knew.
We've been growing apart
for a long time. angie.
You're not the only reason
this happened.
- That doesn't make me
feel better.
- Does this?
Hmm?
I'm all yours now.
And soon
I'll be totally free.
Told you I'd come through.
- You did. and you did.
- [chuckles]
- I need to open a new account.
- Great.
Will we be pulling from your
and mr. St. Patrick's
Joint money market
or joint checking?
- We won't be pulling
from anywhere.
- I see.
- I need a checking account
with a debit card.
One debit card. my name only.
May I borrow your pen please?
- Of course.
- Thank you.
I need all the bank statements
sent to this address
In long island city.
care of lakeisha grant.
- Is there anything else.
mrs. St. Patrick?
- Yes. just one thing.
My husband. mr. St. Patrick.
Can't know about
this account. okay?
Promise me not to say anything?
- I actually can't.
By law. I'm not allowed to.
so your secret is safe with me.
- Alex. you're so sweet.
Can you let me into
the safety deposit box now?
- Yes.
- Hey.
I'm sorry.
- No worries.
[both sighing]
[phone vibrating]
- Bruja. ruiz knows
I'm working for you.
He's gonna try to kill me.
Send help.
[speaking spanish]
- Thank you.
- I love you.
- Fuck.
Fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck.
- See you soon.
- Real soon.
- [laughs]
- [speaking spanish]
[phone vibrates]
- Bruja. ruiz knows
I'm working for you.
He's gonna try to kill me.
Send help.
[speaking spanish]
- Greg. nomar's been
compromised.
We have to get to queens now.
[rap music]
♪
[gate clanks. creaks]
[keys jingle. lock clacks]
- Hey!
You like to fuck
little girls. huh?
- Fuck.
[both grunting]
- [groans]
- [grunts]
- Ruiz said
to bring him your dick.
- Ghost.
[groans]
- What did you say?
- Nomar?
Nomar?
[sputtering]
- Nomar?
- [whispers]
shit!
This is
a.U.S.A. Angela valdez.
My c.I.'s been stabbed.
I need an ambulance
and backup now.
The suspect might still be
in the area.
- [speaking spanish]
Who did this?
- Ghost.
- Where did he go?
- Shit.
- [speaking spanish]
No. no. no. nomar.
Stay with me.
Don't close your eyes.
Nuh-uh.
[speaking spanish]
- [grunts]
[sirens wailing]
[rap music]
♪
- James. james.
This is great.
Everyone's having
a wonderful time.
- That's what I like to hear.
- You know. if it weren't for
the whole miami art basel thing.
I'm sure I could get my clients
to bring this party back
To truth next year.
- Well. you might not have
to choose to.
After you and I had
our conversation.
I did some research.
And what would you say. cynthia.
If I said I was opening
a truth in miami?
- Okay. if you can
get it open in time...
- [chuckles]
God. I shouldn't be
saying this--it's a date.
- All right.
♪
- Have fun.
- ♪ loud music and women
drinking bacardi ♪
♪ on the floors
in the v.I.P. ♪
♪ throwing them dollars
getting caught up ♪
- Holly. I need you to stay
downstairs.
And serve the main bar.
- I'd rather work upstairs.
All the good people
are in v.I.P.
- You do what I say
when I say it. okay?
I don't care
if you're sleeping with tommy.
You still work for me
until you fucking don't.
- Well. actually. tonight's
my last night.
Tommy doesn't want me
working here anymore.
I'm gonna work with him
in your other business.
- You're gonna do what?
- That's right.
You and I
are partners now. ghost.
- What'd you call me?
[gunshot]
- [groans]
[rap music]
[all screaming]
- Oh. my god! Oh. my god!
[screaming fades]
[ambient music]
♪
[door buzzes]
[bell rings]
- You ain't tell nobody
I was getting out tonight
now. did you?
- No.
- Good.
'cause I want it
to be a surprise.
Your loyalty's
to me first now. right?
- Right.
- All right.
Let's go.
[ignition turns over]
[50 cent's animal ambition]
[tiger roars]
♪
[elephant trumpets]
- ♪ I got that
animal animal ambition ♪
♪ I got that animal
animal ambition ♪
♪ while we were loving
the fit ♪
♪ she just want some bread
♪ I ain't talking to tits
and I just want some head ♪
♪ she from a pirus sip where
all them niggas wear red ♪
♪ I ain't flying no flags
but I'm a gangster bitch ♪
♪ I say say no to drugs
then I do that shit ♪
- Angela valdez.
- Hey. this is jim mcclure.
The sketch artist
you requested
To work with nomar arcielo.
- Yeah. hi.
Listen. about that--
- They didn't pay my hours.
Something about
the case being closed.
- I don't understand.
You never met with nomar.
What hours?
- No. I got mr. Arcielo's number
from agent greg knox.
We spoke on the phone.
But I need to see him in person
to get more details.
I was only able to work up
a partial sketch.
- Send it to me.
You have my email?
I'll pay for it out of my own
pocket. just send it to me now.
- ♪ I got that animal
animal ambition ♪
♪ I got that animal
♪ you say you hustle
like a hustle ♪
♪ I be moving shit
♪ had a couch and a u-haul
filled up with bricks ♪
♪ got them straps and long clips
filled up with led ♪
♪ so when we count on the paper
it better come back correct ♪
♪ we out in new orleans baby
niggas hungry for brick ♪
♪ I do that knife for stuntin'
get shot in the head ♪
- Jimmy. good to see you again.
- Officer penado.
- I hate to tell you.
We're gonna have to close truth
down until further notice.
- How long?
- Could be a month.
Could be a year.
These things take time
and money.
We'll be in touch.
- ♪ I got that animal
animal ambition ♪
♪ I got that animal
- Fantasma.
I was about to give up on you.
- Lobos. we're in.
But not for double the weight.
I need all the product
you can send.
All of it.
- I'm glad to see
you overcame your hesitation.
- I have a sudden need
for a larger influx of cash.
- We have a deal.
If you come through.
the rewards will be massive.
If not. well...
- I know the stakes. jefe.
- It's quite a large commitment.
- I know.
I'll be the biggest goddamn
drug dealer in new york city.
♪
[elephant trumpets]
- ♪ I got that animal
animal ambition ♪
♪ I got that animal
♪ while we were loving
the fit ♪
♪ she just want some bread
♪ I ain't talking to tits
and I just want some head ♪
♪ she from a pirus sip where
all them niggas wear red ♪
♪ I ain't flying no flags
but I'm a gangster bitch ♪
♪ I say say no to drugs
then I do that shit ♪
♪ got a blue fleet of whips
I'm so hood nigga rich ♪
♪ you don't like the way I do it
nigga eat a dick ♪
♪ I just call 'em
when I want 'em ♪
♪ I don't need a bitch
♪ see me stuntin'
with my diamonds on ♪
♪ everything proper
♪ your shit look grown
and your shit look copper ♪
♪ it's turning homey that's
why you're turning on me ♪
♪ admit it I made it
I can't be faded ♪
♪ I roll it up in public
I'm a cancer man ♪
♪ smoke it out in the open
like I'm in amsterdam ♪
♪ I do a hundred miles an hour
switching lens in my lane ♪
♪ see my name around the globe
niggas know who I am damn ♪
♪ I got that
animal animal ambition ♪
animal animal ambition... ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org